## Milestone 3 Documentation

1. Our first navigation in our project is a popup display that is in the form of an exclamation mark above the fallen chair. We wanted to make the fallen chair one of the main focuses, and to redirect the user to look at it we had this since it is just hovering and seemingly out of place. As a result, they would get interested to look at the chair below the exclamation point. 

2. Our selection and navigation options were limited since we are using a google cardboard, so we did a focus on the gaze of the camera inside the virtual room. When the user focuses the camera to be placed on the floating exclamation point, it should be transformed into a much more clear text that is a description of what made this part of the room important in the crime scene. This is the type of interaction we have chosen to integrate given out limited options of lack of controllers. 

3. Our other navigation technique is the glowing areas for our crime scene. Since the virtual environment is primarily dark, the glowing areas help the user determine what they should be looking at and find the objects of focus more easily in the scene. And glowing things tend to draw a person's eye, so we thought this was the best for of 'bread crumbs' that would draw the user into looking at those specific areas. 

4. Question: What do you like about our project as it is and what can we change - in general and specifics? For example, we have a technique for allowing users to navigate through the simulation and we are doing this by making certain objects glow. Does this approach seem intuitive and/or how can we improve it? 

- Feedback from Mackenzie (Lakshya’s roommate): “This is a very interesting idea and looks like it has some very useful applications. I love the educational component you bring into this project. I could see it being a very handy tool for those interested in law or criminology. It would be nice to have more interactivity since right now, I have a way of identifying what objects to review in the scene but because investigators usually have to physically collect evidence, it could be helpful to model that more in this simulation by having more objects to click on than what is currently existing. I also like that you made certain objects glow as a way to form a path for users to move to and analyze them. One thing that could potentially be enhanced is the way in which the objects are glowing since they are popping a lot right now.”
    - Reflection: Based on my roommate’s feedback, I think one way to enhance the project would be by changing the glow effect to be a little less intense as there is currently a bright square around the object in question in addition to the glow. This makes the object stand out a lot which can be toned down a little. We plan to test out other approaches to making the object glow more naturally. Finally, in order to add a little more interactivity in addition to our current user interaction, one idea we had which we would like to implement would be by making a window glass shatter on tap or gaze. This will offer another component in making the user feel a little more immersed in the scene and get a better understanding of the crime. 

- Feedback from Luke’s roommate (Kyle): “Overall, I like the project. I think that it’d be useful in the real world. I think it's a good idea that the project is accessible using a phone because then multiple users can use it at the same time without the use of many expensive VR headsets. I think that the scene could be more immersive. Right now the room seems very closed off. Maybe adding a window or two could be good.”
